feat(loki.process): add regex field to structured_metadata stage (#4629)
grafana/alloy: docs/sources/reference/components/loki/loki.process.md

### `stage.structured_metadata`

The `stage.structured_metadata` inner block configures a stage that can read data from the extracted values map and add them to log entries as structured metadata.
If any labels are added to structured metadata, they are removed from the label map.

The following arguments are supported:

| Name     | Type          | Description                                                                                 | Default | Required |
| -------- | ------------- | ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | ------- | -------- |
| `values` | `map(string)` | Specifies the list of labels to add from extracted values map to log entry.                 | `{}`    | no       |
| `regex`  | `string`      | Specifies a regular expression, matching extracted values are added to structured metadata. | `""`    | no       |

> In a `structured_metadata` stage, the `values` map's keys define the label to set and the values are how to look them up.

Reviewer: This sentence doesn't read right with the addition of `values`. As I read the original text, it's a key:value pair. The key defines the label and the value is the lookup. What has changed here?

Author: I added your suggestion but changed "label" to "labels".

      env  = "",         // Sets up an 'env' property to structured metadata, based on the 'env' extracted value.
      user = "username", // Sets up a 'user' property to structured metadata, based on the 'username' extracted value.
    }

>     regex = "label_.*"   // Adds all extracted values starting with 'label_' to structured metadata.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    regex = "__pod_.*"   // Adds all extracted values starting with '__pod_' to structured metadata.
```

A more realistic example would be nice.

Author: This is actually exactly the use case for which I was implementing the feature. I want to use a `discovery.relabel` component to rename all `__meta_kubernetes_pod_label_(.*)` to `label_$1` and then use `structured_metadata` in `loki.process` to move them to structured metadata.
But I see that the example `label_.*` is not very helpful because it is not clear that it refers to kubernetes pod labels instead of some generic label. But I think the `__pod_.*` example is not better because it is probably not best practice to add custom double-underscore metadata to Loki, or is it?
